Weekly Update #1

This week, I discovered how to make commits to the GitHub repository, and post my capstone proposal. 
In this week’s discussion, we covered progress we have made as well as  challenges with our projects. 
A main concern was around the data collection process, and ensuring that we have enough metric 
variables to make a worthy analysis. Personally, I have been working on the data cleaning process
to ensure that I have the metric variables that I deem necessary to work with. This includes 
number of parks per county and the acres of land these parks have. I have planned to be thorough 
in the data cleaning process to ensure I do not run into roadblocks when it is time to develop my models,
and with this I have made sure to dedicate enough time to the beginning part of the project so I am able 
to have everything that I need to work with sorted through.

Weekly Update #2 

This week, I was able to collect the data from the various counties across Maryland to compile a dataset of all 
of the parks in each county. I am continuing to work on the data wrangling process to have all of my files
organized and compatible for comparison and modeling. Many of the data sources that I used did not provide their
data in a format that was usuable, so much of the process has been locating all of the information that I need. I
also evaluated which variables were necessary and are contributing factors in my analysis in order to remove
unecessary data and further clean the data. In additon, I have utilized the Github Desktop app to be able to 
organize my files between my local computer and github.

Weekly Update #3

This week I was able to finish up the data cleaning process, and get all of my data into usable files. I have
decided the factors that I am going to focus on for my modeling and data visualization. I plan to have updates
with the data visualization in the upcoming week. I also did more research on Github and the desktop app as I 
realized some of my changes were not commited causing confusion between a lack of consistency between my updates 
on my local computer and the github web.

Weekly Update #4

This week I begun working with a new data visualization tool, Tableau. I spent a lot of the time learning
how to use the application and mapping my data into a visual representation. I looked further into my 
analysis, and I plan to continue trying out new modeling techniques to understand the trends in my data
and be able to effectively showcase them.

Weekly Update #5

This week, I created correlation matrices and heatmaps to help me decide on which variables should be the 
focus of my final conclusions. I explored using several different visualization applications to see which
would be best for the purposes of my project. As I now have most of the components I need, I will create
a readable format to explain each step of the project. I will also continue working on finding ways to 
develop my project to give it additional substance.

Weekly Update #6

This week in class we discussed starting our project reports. I have begun a draft that talks about the parts
of the project that I have completed so far. I plan to add more to the draft as I get closer to finalizing 
the project. As far as modeling, I have decided to create a tree based model to look at the impact of
variables on one another. I plan to have my data visualizations done in the next 2 weeks so I can begin
focusing on my project report and poster.

Weekly Update #7

This week, I sorted out my visual componenets of my project and began organizing them to make mock formats 
of my poster for our presentation. I plan to rename the variables to make the graphs more visuallly appealing.
I also plan on adjusting and scaling some of my data so the numbers are cleaner when represented on the key.
I will continue to work on my poster and preparation for the report and presentation.
